1. ZeroMq pub/subs send rgb from oak to veiwer page - Done
2. Touch button switching camera 1 & 2 (using mouse) - Done
3. Improve publisher image streaming for higher:

reliability - using mjpeg codec compression (25mbps per camera). Switch between camera keyboard 1 and 2
q to quit. - Done

Temperatures are healthy: tj is ~52°C, so thermal throttling is not currently a concern. RAM is stable around 9.77 GB and swap use is low.
The concern is CPU: all four active cores are essentially at 96–100%. It may run, but there is little headroom for long-term spikes, UI work, camera reconnects, or other processes.
For safer continuous operation, reduce the active stream from 30 FPS to 15–20 FPS.
To reduce resolution and the compression quality -- CPU must be 70%

Sleeps briefly when no camera frame is ready (publisher) and caps GUI redraw frequency (subscriber): -- (DONE)

That is a clear improvement: CPU fell from ~96–100% to roughly 60–82% per active core, with most samples near 70%. Temperature remains excellent at ~52°C, and RAM/swap are stable.
This is suitable for longer camera-only runs. For adding the MID-360, there is some headroom but not much for a full-rate 3D renderer. Start LiDAR at a downsampled 10 Hz and keep the camera viewer at:
1280×720, 15 FPS, MJPEG 65, display FPS 20
If LiDAR pushes CPU above ~85% sustained, reduce the viewer to --display-fps 15 first, then consider 960×540 camera output.

Further improvement:

in priority order:

Set viewer redraw rate to the camera rate:
--display-fps 15

Your camera provides 15 FPS, so rendering at 20 FPS only redraws duplicate frames. This should reduce CPU a little with no image-quality loss.

Stop the inactive OAK pipeline entirely.
Currently its localhost stream is paused, but its DepthAI pipeline still runs. Stopping that pipeline saves Orin CPU, OAK processing, and Ethernet/XLink bandwidth. Camera switching will take a short time while the pipeline starts again.
--> Also, turn on lidar when only needed (maybe during long distance pre-docking)
--> Maybe only during pre-cutting when the robot arm stop on the rail, perform initial scanning before moving the cutting arm

--> Replace MJPEG with H.264/H.265 and use Jetson hardware decoding. (NEXT After LIDAR Integration)

---->This is the largest longer-term optimization. OAK encodes H.264/H.265 efficiently, and the Orin can decode it in hardware. It can retain good 720p/15-FPS quality at a much lower bitrate and substantially reduce CPU versus cv2.imdecode() MJPEG decoding.
Keep MJPEG quality at 60–65.  (NEXT After LIDAR Integration)

Lowering 65 to 60 reduces bandwidth slightly with little visible difference, but it will not greatly reduce CPU—JPEG decoding cost is mainly driven by pixel count.
For your system, use --display-fps 15 now. For LiDAR, the most valuable next code change is stopping the inactive DepthAI pipeline; 
the best architecture upgrade is H.264/H.265 plus Jetson hardware decode.

4. Synchronize time between Orin & 2 oak camera -- (DONE)
   with lidar and PLC later. -- (We try to connect with Rasberry Pi with dummy sensor data)

5. Using pyQt5 display camera switch button (finger touch) and dummy distance sensors values widget
   - currently just use basic display control input using keyboard and mouse click

6. drawing 2 horizontal line using 4 point dot then get distance between rectangle zone. Then draw a single horizontal line under the zone (10mm).
   - Use mouse click only

7. Frames tranform between point references, and sensors, cameras, lidar, 
   - Need to use nvidia xavier as simulator with RVIZ, urdf file, and premitive objects